# Vtp

Video Tools in Perl

Video Tools in Perl consists of a number of wrappers for ffmpeg 
for common audio, video and still-frame tasks. Vtp provides 
instant publishing features that can be integrated directly into 
desktop environments, bypassing the normal consumer application 
style recording systems. 

The Vtp philosophy is that recording systems support work. They 
are not THE work. The destinction is that a user should be able 
to record anything, anywhere, in any way without having to 
think about things like resolution, encoding etc. etc. These 
things are configurable, but once set, really should never be 
seen again. 

For X11 users who use desktops with background resolutions that 
actually render correctly. (Some desktops, and at least one very 
popular OS, screw up backgrounds by resizing them without the 
users consent) It is possible to create a desktop wallpapers 
with built in screen resolution guides. An example 1600x900 
background is included, which defines desktop boundaries for 
720P 480P and VGA. It is practical to make your own in a similar 
fashion in GIMP. You will need to update X11/ScreenRes.pm If you 
do this. If you do update this, please send me your wallpaper 
and the ScreenRes.pm file and I will update the distro. 

Vtp is designed to integrate with FvwmSkeleton, which includes it 
by default. This readme file should be updated at some point to 
point at videos that demonstrate the respective functionality. 


